docs: update plugin documentation (#888)
jackyzha0/quartz: docs/plugins/CrawlLinks.md

---
title: CrawlLinks
tags:
  - plugin/transformer
---

> This plugin parses links and processes them to point to the right places. It is also needed for embedded links (like images). See [[Obsidian compatibility]] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin transforms and parses all internal, external links to correct target on the generated site. See [[Obsidian compatibility]] for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: imo current wording here is fine

> [!note]
> For information on how to add, remove or configure plugins, see the [[Configuration#Plugins|Configuration]] page.

This plugin accepts the following configuration options:

> - `markdownLinkResolution`: Defines the strategy for resolving Markdown paths, can be `"absolute"` (default), `"relative"` or `"shortest"`.

Reviewer 2: remark that these should match the user's obsidian configuration

Reviewer 2: - absolute: path relative to root of content folder
- relative: path relative to file you are linking from
- shortest: name of the file, if that isn't enough to identify the file, use the full absolute path

Author: Done

> - `prettyLinks`: When `true` (default), simplifies links by removing folder paths, making them more user-friendly.

Reviewer 2: e.g. folder/deeply/nested/note -> note

Author: Done
